Corrected how to find the "lincbrain download" command on lincbrain.org (#7)
lincbrain/linc-docs: upload.md

`export LINCBRAIN_API_KEY=<EnterYourKeyHere>`

## Download your new (empty) dataset locally

> You can find the command that you need to run to download a specific dataset by navigating to the main page of that dataset on lincrbain.org, clicking on the `DOWNLOAD` drop-down menu that you'll see at the top right corner of that page, and copying the `lincbrain download ...` command that you see when you click on that menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the command that you need to run to download a specific dataset by navigating to the dataset landing page on lincbrain.org, clicking on the `DOWNLOAD` drop-down menu that you'll see at the top right corner of that page, and copying the `lincbrain download ...` command that you see when you click on that menu. 
```

On your local machine, create a directory that you will use as a staging area for uploading data. Then cd into this directory, and run the download command that you copied above. For example:
```
cd /path/to/my/staging/area

> lincbrain download https://lincbrain.org/dandiset/101010/draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lincbrain download https://lincbrain.org/dandiset/<dataset_id>/draft
```
